# KCT Template - Skeleventy

This template can be used to create a new website. Also, that new website can optionally include WordPress Transmigration.

Intention is to deploy this using Cloudflare Pages. But it should also work fine on Netlify and similar platforms. Deployment is usually done:

1. Trial Deployment after committing 1st Config Changes (minimal changes to make sure deployment works).
2. Import WP or Add Admin (gets content). Note, for WP Transmigration, there are steps needed to prepare the zip file for import. E.g., remove Cloudflare apps, check footer, create Simply Static file.
3. Complete config changes. Aim is for all these to be in `site/globals/site.json`. But otherwise search for `UpdateThis`.
4. Create pre-launch content.

## 1. 1st Config Files
- This readme project note
- site/globals/site.json

## 2. Optional Import WP
- Upload wp-static.zip to wp folder
In Terminal:
- cd wp
- unzip wp-static.zip
- rm wp-static.zip
In Gitpod explorer
- rename wp/index.html 

If you're not importing WordPress, you can optionally remove the config instruction:
- eleventy.config.js config.addPassthroughCopy({ "wp/": "/" })

## 3. Look and Feel
These are current working notes. Eventually, this is about setting colors, background-image (if any), header images.

- resources/scss/04-layout/_site.scss: change background to image to a different color. Not sure if this needs changing in main.css and/or main.min.css *
- site/includes/components/nav.njk: Change link to WP version of About Page or to appropriate blog post. 
- site/index.md: rewrite.
- site/includes/components/footer.njk: Change footer links. But these need updating as new admin pages are created. Should also include a feedback link direct to issues.
- site/includes/components/footer.njk: Change disclaimer
- Change favicon.icon (root) & images/meta/apple-touch-icon.png. 

* I got confused by the way css works in this setup and I hacked the background image 
in css/main.css and css/main.min.css which seem identical. Need to learn the 'right' way to edit css in this template! Which is probly something to do with this note in the original readme...

### The build pipeline

[Laravel Mix](https://laravel-mix.com/docs/5.0/basic-example) gives us a nice API layer on top of Webpack. Skeleventy uses a simplistic set up, but you _can_ take advantage of extending Mix with custom Webpack configurations, code splitting and plugins such as PostCSS, if you so wish.

You'll find the site's uncompiled SCSS and JS within `resources/` where Mix will be watching these directories for any changes. **Tip:** _it's best to always restart the server when creating any new partials or folders_

#### SCSS

- `scss/` is structured into opinionated sub folders
- The `_config.scss` file is where you can change the site's colours and the utility classes generated by Gorko

## 4. Start Blog

Amend or replace examples. Note, this will eventually include all admin pages as blog posts with 'using' tag.

